Add `Identity` type to Sway Book (#2041)
FuelLabs/sway: docs/src/basics/blockchain_types.md

let my_contract_id: ContractId = ~ContractId::from(my_number);
let forty_two: b256 = my_contract_id.into();
```

## `Identity` Type

The `Identity` type is an enum that allows for the handling of both `Address` and `ContractId` types. This is useful in cases where either type is accepted, e.g. receiving funds from an identified sender, but not caring if the sender is an address or a contract.

An `Identity` is implemented as follows.

```sway

> {{#include ../../../sway-lib-std/src/identity.sw:7:10}}

Reviewer: While I like the idea here, I worry these line number can get out of date for any number of reasons. We have the following options:
1. Keep it as is
2. Inline the code directly here
3. Use anchors in the standard library itself. 

If we're going to start documenting the standard library directly in the Sway Book (due to the concerns that @adlerjohn raised with docstrings in Sway code), we may have to do 3 eventually in other places. John, what do you think?

Reviewer: Or maybe just have a link to the `identity.sw` file instead of having code in here.

Reviewer 2: There's no issue, but only add them as needed.

let my_contract_id: ContractId = ~ContractId::from(my_number);
let forty_two: b256 = my_contract_id.into();
```

## `Identity` Type

> The `Identity` type is an enum that allows for the handling of both `Address` and `ContractId` types. This is useful in cases where either type is needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `Identity` type is an enum that allows for the handling of both `Address` and `ContractId` types. This is useful in cases where either type is accepted, e.g. receiving funds from an identified sender, but not caring if the sender is an address or a contract.
```

An `Identity` is implemented as follows.

```sway
pub enum Identity {
    Address: Address,
    ContractId: ContractId,

> }

Reviewer 2: These should all be in actual Sway files, tested in CI, and included using `{{#include }}`: https://rust-lang.github.io/mdBook/format/mdbook.html#including-files. Otherwise it's too easy for them to drift and we end up with non-working code in The Book.

Reviewer: I think we need a special directory for all these little snippets like https://github.com/rust-lang/book/tree/main/listings and use anchors with them. These wouldn't be full examples like the examples directory that we have today, but small test cases that are meant only for the book but are also kept in sync with the compiler if anything changes.

Reviewer: Not suggesting this to be done in this PR.. for now, maybe include a single full example with all the different cases you're showing in this section?

```

Casting to an `Identity` must be done explicity:

```sway
let my_number: b256 = 0x000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000002A;

> let my_address: Address = ~Address::from(my_number);

Reviewer 2: I would simply this to just `~Address::from(0x000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000002A)` for brevity.
